The process of filling in missing values is called imputation.
Let's go through a few ways to impute data and then you'll get some coding practice.
One option is to fill in the missing value using the mean.
For instance, if you're looking at the costs of the World Bank projects,
some of the data is missing.
You could take the mean value of all projects and use that to fill in empty cells.
You could get even more specific grouping by
country and then calculating the mean for each country.
Then you'd fill in missing values based on the results.
The median or mode might work as well.
Now you don't have to delete entire rows or columns of data.
Another common method especially for
ordered or time series data is to use Forward Fill or Backward Fill.
With both of these methods you could use neighboring cells to fill in the data,
but this technique really only works if the data is ordered by time.
So, the first step is to double check that your data is sorted by a timestamp.
With Forward Fill, values are pushed forward down to replace any empty values.
Backward Fill does the opposite,
values move up to fill in empty values.
In other words, you're either filling in empty cells with
the previous value or the following value.
There's no hard and fast rule to follow.
Filling in missing values can be somewhat of an art and you'll need to
test how different strategies affect the results of your Machine Learning models.
Now that you've seen a few ways to deal with missing data,
let's get some practice.